(GH-1996) Add documentation on setting up VS Code for Bolt (#2045)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/vscode_and_bolt.md

# Setting up VS Code for Bolt

Bolt [configuration](configuring_bolt.md) and [inventory](inventory_file_v2.md)

> files are written in YAML that conforms to a particular specification. It also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
files are written in YAML that conforms to a particular specification.
```
Or just leave it in as a cliffhanger ;)

Author: It's basically a calling card for the team at this point. "It's critical that", "It also", ... :D

> It can speed up the development cycle and reduce errors if your authoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can speed up the development cycle and reduce errors if your development
```

> Bolt [configuration](configuring_bolt.md) and [inventory](inventory_file_v2.md)
> files are written in YAML that conforms to a particular specification. It also
> 
> It can speed up the development cycle and reduce errors if your authoring
> environment knows about these specifications, because you can get real-time
> validation and data type checking as you write.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bolt configuration and inventory files are written in YAML that 
conforms to a particular specification. Making your authoring 
environment aware of these specifications gives you real-time 
validation and data type checking as you write, speeding
up the development cycle and reducing errors.
```
Wherever possible, lets favor offloading these kinds of links to "Related info" sections - especially in opening paragraphs. Sometimes lots of links can be distracting to the user. If we're linking out to the same docs in several places in the text, this is usually a good indication that we can cover those topics in the related info section.

Author: Good to know! I'll keep this in mind for future docs. :)

## Validating configuration and inventory files with JSON schemas

> Bolt's [configuration](configuring_bolt.md) and
> [inventory](inventory_file_v2.md) files can be validated using JSON schemas
> provided through the [Puppet Forge](https://forge.puppet.com). Configuring VS
> Code to use Bolt's JSON schemas will enable live intellisense of the available
> fields for the file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can validate Bolt's configuration and inventory files using JSON schemas
provided through the [Puppet Forge](https://forge.puppet.com). Configuring Visual 
Studio Code (VS Code) to use Bolt's JSON schemas enables VS Code's live IntelliSense 
feature, which gives you functionality like code completion and parameter info for 
available fields in the files.
```

| [`bolt-defaults.yaml`](bolt_defaults_reference.md) | https://forgeapi.puppet.com/schemas/bolt-defaults.json  |
| [`bolt-project.yaml`](bolt_project_reference.md)   | https://forgeapi.puppet.com/schemas/bolt-project.json   |
| [`inventory.yaml`](bolt_inventory_reference.md)    | https://forgeapi.puppet.com/schemas/bolt-inventory.json |

### Enabling schemas

To start using the JSON schemas with VS Code, follow these steps:

1. Install the [YAML
   extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml).

1. Open the [user or workspace settings
   file](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/settings) and add the
   following JSON:

    ```json
    {
      "yaml.schemas": {
        "https://forgeapi.puppet.com/schemas/bolt-defaults.json": [
          "bolt-defaults.yaml"
        ],
        "https://forgeapi.puppet.com/schemas/bolt-project.json": [
          "bolt-project.yaml"
        ],
        "https://forgeapi.puppet.com/schemas/bolt-inventory.json": [
          "inventory.yaml"
        ]
      }
    }
    ```

📖 **Related information**

> - [VS Code settings file](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/settings)
> - [VS Code YAML extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Configuring Bolt](configuring_bolt.md)
- [Inventory files](inventory_file_v2.md)
- [VS Code settings file](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/settings)
- [VS Code YAML extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml)
```

> ## Developing Bolt content with the Puppet VS Code Extension

Reviewer: :raised_hands:

Puppet offers a VS Code extension that you can use when developing content
for your Bolt project. The Puppet VS Code extensions includes many powerful
features, including validation for [task

> metadata](writing_tasks.md#task-metadata) files, live intellisense for [Puppet

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
metadata](writing_tasks.md#task-metadata) files, live IntelliSense for [Puppet
```

# Setting up VS Code for Bolt

Bolt configuration and inventory files are written in YAML that conforms to a
particular specification. It can speed up the development cycle and reduce
errors if your development environment knows about these specifications, because
you can get real-time validation and data type checking as you write.

## Validating configuration and inventory files with JSON schemas

> Bolt configuration and inventory files are written in YAML that conforms to a

Reviewer 2: I think this was my edit to the first paragraph, and my edit below is for this paragraph.

Reviewer 2: ```
You can validate Bolt's configuration and inventory files using JSON schemas
provided through the [Puppet Forge](https://forge.puppet.com). Configuring Visual 
Studio Code (VS Code) to use Bolt's JSON schemas enables VS Code's live IntelliSense 
feature, which gives you functionality like code completion and parameter info for 
available fields in the files.
```

### Enabling schemas

To start using the JSON schemas with VS Code, follow these steps:

1. Install the [YAML
   extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml).

1. Open the [user or workspace settings
   file](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/settings) and add the
   following JSON:

    ```json
    {
      "yaml.schemas": {
        "https://forgeapi.puppet.com/schemas/bolt-defaults.json": [
          "bolt-defaults.yaml"
        ],
        "https://forgeapi.puppet.com/schemas/bolt-project.json": [
          "bolt-project.yaml"
        ],
        "https://forgeapi.puppet.com/schemas/bolt-inventory.json": [
          "inventory.yaml"
        ]
      }
    }
    ```

📖 **Related information**

- [Configuring Bolt](configuring_bolt.md)
- [Inventory files](inventory_file_v2.md)
- [VS Code settings
  file](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/settings)
- [VS Code YAML
  extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml)

## Developing Bolt content with the Puppet VS Code Extension

Puppet offers a VS Code extension that you can use when developing content for

> your Bolt project. The Puppet VS Code extensions includes many powerful

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
your Bolt project. The Puppet VS Code Extension includes many powerful
```
